Grammar pass on docs (#17735)
netdata/netdata: docs/category-overview-pages/working-with-logs.md

# Working with Logs

This section talks about ways Netdata collects and visualizes logs.

> The main Netdata plugin responsible for handling logs is the [`systemd journal` plugin](/src/collectors/systemd-journal.plugin/). [`log2journal`](/src/collectors/log2journal/README.md) and [`systemd-cat-native`](/src/libnetdata/log/systemd-cat-native.md) are tools used by that plugin in order to convert structured log files into `systemd-journal` entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [systemd journal plugin](/src/collectors/systemd-journal.plugin/) is the core Netdata component for reading systemd journal logs.

For structured logs, Netdata provides tools like [log2journal](/src/collectors/log2journal/README.md) and [systemd-cat-native](/src/libnetdata/log/systemd-cat-native.md) to convert them into compatible systemd journal entries.
```
